The circle is not simply connected (#885)
pi-base/data: spaces/S000170/properties/P000200.md

---
space: S000170
property: P000200
value: false
refs:
- zb: "1044.55001"
  name: Algebraic Topology (Hatcher)
---

> Theorem 1.7. on page 29 of {{zb:1044.55001}} calculates the fundamental group of $S^1$ and since it's not trivial, there is a continuous map $S^1\toS^1$ not homotopic to a constant map.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Theorem 1.7.on page 29 of {{zb:1044.55001}} calculates the fundamental group of $S^1$ as $\mathbb Z$. Since it's not trivial, there is a continuous map $S^1\toS^1$ not homotopic to a constant map.
```

Reviewer: You can accept the whole suggestion with the "comment suggestion" button, or manually edit the changes you want into a new commit.

---
space: S000170
property: P000200
value: false
refs:
- zb: "1044.55001"
  name: Algebraic Topology (Hatcher)
---

> See Theorem 1.7 on page 29 of {{zb:1044.55001}} which proofs that $\pi_1(S^1) = \mathbb{Z}$ and hence non trivial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See Theorem 1.7 on page 29 of {{zb:1044.55001}} which proves that $\pi_1(S^1) = \mathbb{Z}$ and hence non trivial.
```
